                  Username: *     Password: *    Forgot Password               New User                 Site Navigation  PRACTICE Code, Compile & Run  Beginner  Easy  Medium  Hard  Challenge  Peer    COMPETE All Contests  September Cook-Off 2017  September Lunchtime 2017  September Challenge 2017    DISCUSS Forums  Blog  Wiki  Facebook  Twitter    COMMUNITY Goodies Website  SnackDown 2017  CodeChef for Schools  Host your Contest  Go for Gold  Campus Chapter    HELP Frequently Asked Questions  Rating Mechanism  CodeChef Rating (All)  CodeChef Rating (Junior)  FAQ for problem setters  Problem Setting  Tutorials  Event Calendar  Top Contributors on Discuss    ABOUT About CodeChef  Press Room  CEO's Corner  Contact Us  About Directi                Home » Practice(Beginner) » From heaven to earth      From heaven to earth Problem Code: ELEVSTRS                          All submissions for this problem are available. Read problems statements in mandarin chinese , russian and vietnamese as well.    Chef has been working in a restaurant which has N floors. He wants to minimize the time it takes him to go from the N -th floor to ground floor. He can either take the elevator or the stairs.  The stairs are at an angle of 45 degrees and Chef's velocity is V 1 m/s when taking the stairs down. The elevator on the other hand moves with a velocity V 2 m/s. Whenever an elevator is called, it always starts from ground floor and goes to N -th floor where it collects Chef (collecting takes no time), it then makes its way down to the ground floor with Chef in it. The elevator cross a total distance equal to N meters when going from N -th floor to ground floor or vice versa, while the length of the stairs is sqrt(2) * N because the stairs is at angle 45 degrees. Chef has enlisted your help to decide whether he should use stairs or
 the elevator to minimize his travel time. Can you help him out?  Input  The first line contains a single integer T , the number of test cases. Each test case is described by a single line containing three space-separated integers N , V 1 , V 2 .  Output  For each test case, output a single line with string Elevator or Stairs , denoting the answer to the problem.  Constraints   1 ≤ T ≤ 1000  1 ≤ N , V 1 , V 2 ≤ 100     Example  Input: 3
5 10 15
2 10 14
7 14 10 Output: Elevator
Stairs
Stairs       Author:  melnik    Tester:  6★ kingofnumbers    Editorial:  https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/ELEVSTRS    Tags:  cakewalk cook85 math melnik    Date Added:  17-08-2017    Time Limit:  1 secs    Source Limit:  50000 Bytes    Languages:  ADA, ASM, BASH, BF, C, C99 strict, CAML, CLOJ, 
CLPS, CPP 4.3.2, CPP 6.3, CPP14, CS2, D, ERL, FORT, FS, GO, HASK, ICK, 
ICON, JAVA, JS, kotlin, LISP clisp, LISP sbcl, LUA, NEM, NICE, NODEJS, 
PAS fpc, PAS gpc, PERL, PERL6, PHP, PIKE, PRLG, PYPY, PYTH, PYTH 3.5, 
RUBY, rust, SCALA, SCM chicken, SCM guile, SCM qobi, ST, swift, TCL, 
TEXT, WSPC             All Submissions     Successful Submissions             Comments                 CodeChef is a non-commercial competitive programming community       About CodeChef  About Directi  CEO's Corner  C-Programming  Programming Languages  Contact Us   © 2009 Directi Group . All Rights Reserved. CodeChef uses SPOJ © by Sphere Research Labs In order to report copyright violations of any kind, send in an email to copyright@codechef.com       The time now is: 11:42:54 AM    Your IP: 177.98.212.249                      CodeChef - A Platform for Aspiring Programmers  CodeChef was created as a platform to help programmers make it big in the world of algorithms, computer programming and programming contests . At CodeChef we work hard to revive the geek in you by hosting a programming contest at the start of the month and another smaller programming challenge in 
the middle of the month. We also aim to have training sessions and 
discussions related to algorithms , binary search , technicalities like array size and the likes. Apart from providing a platform for programming competitions , CodeChef also has various algorithm tutorials and forum discussions to help those who are new to the world of computer programming .    Practice Section - A Place to hone your 'Computer Programming Skills'  Try your hand at one of our many practice problems and submit your solution in a language of your choice. Our programming contest judge accepts solutions in over 35+ programming languages. Preparing 
for coding contests were never this much fun! Receive points, and move 
up through the CodeChef ranks. Use our practice section to better 
prepare yourself for the multiple programming challenges that take place through-out the month on CodeChef.    Compete - Monthly Programming Contests and Cook-offs  Here is where you can show off your computer programming skills . Take part in our 10 day long monthly coding contest and the shorter format Cook-off coding contest . Put yourself up for recognition and win great prizes. Our programming contests have prizes worth up to INR 20,000 (for Indian Community), $700 (for 
Global Community) and lots more CodeChef goodies up for grabs.        Programming Tools   Online IDE  Upcoming Coding Contests  Contest Hosting  Problem Setting  CodeChef Tutorials  CodeChef Wiki     Practice Problems   Easy  Medium  Hard  Challenge  Peer  School  FAQ's     Initiatives   Go for Gold  CodeChef for Schools  Campus Chapters               Domain Registration in India and Web Hosting powered by BigRock      
