                  Username: *     Password: *    Forgot Password               New User                 Site Navigation  PRACTICE Code, Compile & Run  Beginner  Easy  Medium  Hard  Challenge  Peer    COMPETE All Contests  September Cook-Off 2017  September Lunchtime 2017  September Challenge 2017    DISCUSS Forums  Blog  Wiki  Facebook  Twitter    COMMUNITY Goodies Website  SnackDown 2017  CodeChef for Schools  Host your Contest  Go for Gold  Campus Chapter    HELP Frequently Asked Questions  Rating Mechanism  CodeChef Rating (All)  CodeChef Rating (Junior)  FAQ for problem setters  Problem Setting  Tutorials  Event Calendar  Top Contributors on Discuss    ABOUT About CodeChef  Press Room  CEO's Corner  Contact Us  About Directi                Home » Practice(Extcontest) » Anagram      Anagram Problem Code: CS01                          All submissions for this problem are available. Problem text...
An anagram is a word or phrase formed by rearranging the letters of another word or
phrase. For example, “carthorse” is an anagram of “orchestra”. Blanks within a
phrase are ignored in forming anagrams. Thus, “orchestra” and “horse cart” are also
anagrams.
Write a program that read a list of phrases and prints all pairs of anagrams occurring
in the list. Input  Input description...
The Input file will contain a single integer at the first line of the input, indicate the
number of test case you need to test followed by a blank line. Each test case will
consist of from 1 to 100 lines. A completely empty or blank line signals the end of a
test case. Each line constitutes one phrase. Output  Output description...
Some number of lines (including possibly 0 if there are no anagrams in the list), each
line containing two anagrammatic phrases separated by ‘=’.
Each anagram pair should be printed exactly once, and the order of the two phrases
within a printed pair must be lexicographic, as well as the first phrases and the
second ones in case some first are equal.
Two consecutive outputs for two consecutive inputs is separated by a single blank
line. Example  Input: 1
carthorse
horse
horse cart
i do not know u
ok i now donut
orchestra Output: carthorse = horse cart
carthorse = orchestra
horse cart = orchestra
i do not know you = ok i now donut     Author:  2★ rushikesh30    Tags:  rushikesh30    Date Added:  14-02-2010    Time Limit:  5 secs    Source Limit:  50000 Bytes    Languages:  ADA, ASM, BASH, BF, C, C99 strict, CAML, CLOJ, 
CLPS, COB, CPP 4.3.2, CPP 6.3, CPP14, CS2, D, ERL, FORT, FS, GO, HASK, 
ICK, ICON, JAVA, JS, kotlin, LISP clisp, LISP sbcl, LUA, NEM, NICE, 
NODEJS, PAS fpc, PAS gpc, PERL, PERL6, PHP, PIKE, PRLG, PYPY, PYTH, PYTH
 3.5, RUBY, rust, SCALA, SCM chicken, SCM guile, SCM qobi, ST, swift, 
TEXT, WSPC             All Submissions     Successful Submissions             Comments                 CodeChef is a non-commercial competitive programming community       About CodeChef  About Directi  CEO's Corner  C-Programming  Programming Languages  Contact Us   © 2009 Directi Group . All Rights Reserved. CodeChef uses SPOJ © by Sphere Research Labs In order to report copyright violations of any kind, send in an email to copyright@codechef.com       The time now is: 11:42:29 AM    Your IP: 177.98.212.249                      CodeChef - A Platform for Aspiring Programmers  CodeChef was created as a platform to help programmers make it big in the world of algorithms, computer programming and programming contests . At CodeChef we work hard to revive the geek in you by hosting a programming contest at the start of the month and another smaller programming challenge in 
the middle of the month. We also aim to have training sessions and 
discussions related to algorithms , binary search , technicalities like array size and the likes. Apart from providing a platform for programming competitions , CodeChef also has various algorithm tutorials and forum discussions to help those who are new to the world of computer programming .    Practice Section - A Place to hone your 'Computer Programming Skills'  Try your hand at one of our many practice problems and submit your solution in a language of your choice. Our programming contest judge accepts solutions in over 35+ programming languages. Preparing 
for coding contests were never this much fun! Receive points, and move 
up through the CodeChef ranks. Use our practice section to better 
prepare yourself for the multiple programming challenges that take place through-out the month on CodeChef.    Compete - Monthly Programming Contests and Cook-offs  Here is where you can show off your computer programming skills . Take part in our 10 day long monthly coding contest and the shorter format Cook-off coding contest . Put yourself up for recognition and win great prizes. Our programming contests have prizes worth up to INR 20,000 (for Indian Community), $700 (for 
Global Community) and lots more CodeChef goodies up for grabs.        Programming Tools   Online IDE  Upcoming Coding Contests  Contest Hosting  Problem Setting  CodeChef Tutorials  CodeChef Wiki     Practice Problems   Easy  Medium  Hard  Challenge  Peer  School  FAQ's     Initiatives   Go for Gold  CodeChef for Schools  Campus Chapters               Domain Registration in India and Web Hosting powered by BigRock      
