ENG  RUS Timus Online Judge Online Judge Problems Authors Online contests About Online Judge Frequently asked questions Site news Webboard Links Problem set Submit solution Judge status Guide Register Update your info Authors ranklist  Current contest Scheduled contests Past contests Rules Frequently Asked Questions Please, read the Guide to using the Problem set and the Online contest rules . You may ask questions in the board or by email timus_support@acm.timus.ru How to write a solution in my favorite programming language? You can find the answer in the corresponding section: How to write C/C++ solutions How to write Pascal solutions How to write Java solutions How to write C# solutions How to write Go solutions How to write Python solutions How to write Ruby solutions How to write Haskell solutions How to write Scala solutions How to write Rust solutions I forgot my JUDGE_ID and/or password, how can I find it out? You can request this information on the Update your info page. JUDGE_ID and password will be sent to the specified email address if any account is registered to this address. My hard drive is broken, how can I restore my solutions? In your profile click on the links “Recent submissions”/“Recent accepted submissions” or on the links in the list of solved/unsolved problems. These pages have links to the source codes of your solutions. To download them you need to enter JUDGE_ID and password. How are the problem difficulty and the author rating calculated? The problem difficulty is calculated by the formula depending on the number of authors who have solved it and the age of the problem. The fewer new authors solve the problem per unit of time, the greater the difficulty. The difficulties of all problems are updated every night. Author rating is the sum of the difficulties of all his solved problems from the archive. Where can I get a correct solution or at least its idea? Neither ready solutions nor their ideas are published on the Timus Online Judge. Other authors’ solutions are also not available. If you have your solution accepted and want to check whether further improvements are possible, you can compare your results with others in the solutions rating and look through discussions in the Webboard. How to get the test my solution is failing at? Test sets are kept in secret. You might need to build a number of your own tests to debug your solution. Also remember that examples from problem statements in most cases come first in test sets, i.e. test #1 is most likely the first example, test #2 is the second one, etc. Why are there gaps in the Problem set? The idea of grouping problems into volumes is described in Summit Online Judge problem: the list of problems from a single contest never crosses a volume boundary. Gaps that occur sometimes are filled with single problems later. © 2000–2017 Timus Online Judge Team . All rights reserved.
