                  Username: *     Password: *    Forgot Password               New User                 Site Navigation  PRACTICE Code, Compile & Run  Beginner  Easy  Medium  Hard  Challenge  Peer    COMPETE All Contests  September Cook-Off 2017  September Lunchtime 2017  September Challenge 2017    DISCUSS Forums  Blog  Wiki  Facebook  Twitter    COMMUNITY Goodies Website  SnackDown 2017  CodeChef for Schools  Host your Contest  Go for Gold  Campus Chapter    HELP Frequently Asked Questions  Rating Mechanism  CodeChef Rating (All)  CodeChef Rating (Junior)  FAQ for problem setters  Problem Setting  Tutorials  Event Calendar  Top Contributors on Discuss    ABOUT About CodeChef  Press Room  CEO's Corner  Contact Us  About Directi                Home » Practice(Beginner) » Temple Land      Temple Land Problem Code: TEMPLELA                          All submissions for this problem are available. Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese , Russian and Vietnamese as well.  The snakes want to build a temple for Lord Cobra. There are multiple 
strips of land that they are looking at, but not all of them are 
suitable. They need the strip of land to resemble a coiled Cobra. You 
need to find out which strips do so.  Formally, every strip of land, has a length. Suppose the length of the i-th strip is is N i , then there will be N i integers, H i1 , H i2 , .. H iN i ,
 which represent the heights of the ground at various parts of the 
strip, in sequential order. That is, the strip has been divided into N i parts and the height of each part is given. This strip is valid, if and only if all these conditions are satisfied:   There should be an unique 'centre' part. This is where the actual 
temple will be built. By centre, we mean that there should be an equal 
number of parts to the left of this part, and to the right of this part.  H i1 = 1  The heights keep increasing by exactly 1, as you move from the leftmost part, to the centre part.  The heights should keep decreasing by exactly 1, as you move from 
the centre part to the rightmost part. Note that this means that H iN i should also be 1.   Your job is to look at every strip and find if it's valid or not.  Input   The first line contains a single integer, S , which is the number of strips you need to look at. The description of each of the S strips follows  The first line of the i-th strip's description will contain a single integer: N i , which is the length and number of parts into which it has been divided.  The next line contains N i integers: H i1 , H i2 , .., H iN i . These represent the heights of the various parts in the i-th strip.   Output   For each strip, in a new line, output "yes" if is a valid strip, and "no", if it isn't.   Constraints   1 ≤ S ≤ 100  3 ≤ N i ≤ 100  1 ≤ H ij ≤ 100   Example  Input: 7
5
1 2 3 2 1
7
2 3 4 5 4 3 2
5
1 2 3 4 3
5
1 3 5 3 1
7
1 2 3 4 3 2 1
4
1 2 3 2
4
1 2 2 1 Output: yes
no
no
no
yes
no
no  Explanation  In the first strip, all the conditions are satisfied, hence it is valid.  In the second strip, it does not start with a 1, and hence is invalid.  In the third strip, it keeps increasing even past the centre, instead of decreasing. Hence invalid.  The fourth strip does not increase and decrease by exactly 1. Hence invalid.  The fifth satisfies all conditions and hence is valid.  The sixth and seventh strip do not have a 'centre' part. Because for 
every part, there are either more parts to its right than its left, or 
more parts on its left than its right. Hence both the strips are 
invalid.     Author:  admin3    Tester:  6★ kingofnumbers    Editorial:  https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/TEMPLELA    Tags:  admin3 array cakewalk simple-math snckql17    Date Added:  19-05-2017    Time Limit:  1 secs    Source Limit:  50000 Bytes    Languages:  ADA, ASM, BASH, BF, C, C99 strict, CAML, CLOJ, 
CLPS, CPP 4.3.2, CPP 6.3, CPP14, CS2, D, ERL, FORT, FS, GO, HASK, ICK, 
ICON, JAVA, JS, LISP clisp, LISP sbcl, LUA, NEM, NICE, NODEJS, PAS fpc, 
PAS gpc, PERL, PERL6, PHP, PIKE, PRLG, PYPY, PYTH, PYTH 3.5, RUBY, 
SCALA, SCM chicken, SCM guile, SCM qobi, ST, TCL, TEXT, WSPC             All Submissions     Successful Submissions             Comments                 CodeChef is a non-commercial competitive programming community       About CodeChef  About Directi  CEO's Corner  C-Programming  Programming Languages  Contact Us   © 2009 Directi Group . All Rights Reserved. CodeChef uses SPOJ © by Sphere Research Labs In order to report copyright violations of any kind, send in an email to copyright@codechef.com       The time now is: 11:42:45 AM    Your IP: 177.98.212.249                      CodeChef - A Platform for Aspiring Programmers  CodeChef was created as a platform to help programmers make it big in the world of algorithms, computer programming and programming contests . At CodeChef we work hard to revive the geek in you by hosting a programming contest at the start of the month and another smaller programming challenge in 
the middle of the month. We also aim to have training sessions and 
discussions related to algorithms , binary search , technicalities like array size and the likes. Apart from providing a platform for programming competitions , CodeChef also has various algorithm tutorials and forum discussions to help those who are new to the world of computer programming .    Practice Section - A Place to hone your 'Computer Programming Skills'  Try your hand at one of our many practice problems and submit your solution in a language of your choice. Our programming contest judge accepts solutions in over 35+ programming languages. Preparing 
for coding contests were never this much fun! Receive points, and move 
up through the CodeChef ranks. Use our practice section to better 
prepare yourself for the multiple programming challenges that take place through-out the month on CodeChef.    Compete - Monthly Programming Contests and Cook-offs  Here is where you can show off your computer programming skills . Take part in our 10 day long monthly coding contest and the shorter format Cook-off coding contest . Put yourself up for recognition and win great prizes. Our programming contests have prizes worth up to INR 20,000 (for Indian Community), $700 (for 
Global Community) and lots more CodeChef goodies up for grabs.        Programming Tools   Online IDE  Upcoming Coding Contests  Contest Hosting  Problem Setting  CodeChef Tutorials  CodeChef Wiki     Practice Problems   Easy  Medium  Hard  Challenge  Peer  School  FAQ's     Initiatives   Go for Gold  CodeChef for Schools  Campus Chapters               Domain Registration in India and Web Hosting powered by BigRock      
